---
layout: post
title:  "SkyWrite"
image: assets/images/SkyWrite.png
description: "An Augmented Reality Social Messaging Android App that allows users to send Augmented Reality messages to a specific postcode"
languages: "Java"
permalink: "/projects/SkyWrite"
featured: true
---
SkyWrite is my Second Year Software Engineering Project for University. The client who requested for this project is IBM. SkyWrite will allow a sender to select an appropriate message (eg Happy Birthday, Merry Christmas etc) to a postcode. The message will appear in augmented reality 100ft above the ground. Those with the app/service will be notified that a message exists in a nearby postcode.

Working in a team of 4, we followed Agile methodologies to allow us to iteratively develop our product and allow for lots of peer review. This has been proven to be beneficial as it meant that we were working as efficiently as possible and made integration with each other's work much easier.

Throughout this project, I worked on both Front-end and Back-end elements of Skywrite and so I have learnt/improved many skills including:
- Android app development
- Spring Boot Rest API development
- Kubernetes
- IBM Cloud
- CircleCI
- Git

Overall I achieved a First in this project, and I am very proud of my team. I would also like to thank my lecturers and IBM for providing me this wonderful experience.

Check out our blog [here](https://sky-write.github.io/) where you can view our progress and even try it out yourself.

Or come have a look at our [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/spe-uob/2021-ARMessaging/)

The project started in November 2021 and ended in May 2022